UNIT FILE                                     STATE   
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount             static  
dev-hugepages.mount                           static  
dev-mqueue.mount                              static  
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                            static  
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount                 static  
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount                 static  
sys-kernel-config.mount                       static  
sys-kernel-debug.mount                        static  
tmp.mount                                     disabled
var-lib-nfs-rpc_pipefs.mount                  static  
brandbot.path                                 disabled
cups.path                                     enabled 
systemd-ask-password-console.path             static  
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path            static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.path                static  
session-14.scope                              static  
session-712498.scope                          static  
session-713321.scope                          static  
abrt-ccpp.service                             enabled 
abrt-oops.service                             enabled 
abrt-pstoreoops.service                       disabled
abrt-vmcore.service                           enabled 
abrt-xorg.service                             enabled 
abrtd.service                                 enabled 
accounts-daemon.service                       enabled 
alsa-restore.service                          static  
alsa-state.service                            static  
anaconda-direct.service                       static  
anaconda-nm-config.service                    static  
anaconda-noshell.service                      static  
anaconda-pre.service                          static  
anaconda-shell@.service                       static  
anaconda-sshd.service                         static  
anaconda-tmux@.service                        static  
anaconda.service                              static  
arp-ethers.service                            disabled
atd.service                                   enabled 
auditd.service                                enabled 
auth-rpcgss-module.service                    static  
autovt@.service                               enabled 
avahi-daemon.service                          enabled 
blk-availability.service                      disabled
bluetooth.service                             enabled 
bolt.service                                  static  
brandbot.service                              static  
brltty.service                                disabled
canberra-system-bootup.service                disabled
canberra-system-shutdown-reboot.service       disabled
canberra-system-shutdown.service              disabled
chrony-dnssrv@.service                        static  
chrony-wait.service                           disabled
chronyd.service                               disabled
clean-mount-point@.service                    static  
cockpit-motd.service                          static  
cockpit.service                               static  
colord.service                                static  
configure-printer@.service                    static  
console-getty.service                         disabled
console-shell.service                         disabled
container-getty@.service                      static  
cpupower.service                              disabled
crond.service                                 enabled 
cups-browsed.service                          disabled
cups.service                                  enabled 
dbus-org.bluez.service                        enabled 
dbus-org.fedoraproject.FirewallD1.service     enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service            enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service        static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.import1.service          static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service          static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service           static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service         static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service    enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.NetworkManager.service   enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service    enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service        static  
dbus.service                                  static  
debug-shell.service                           disabled
dhcpd.service                                 disabled
dhcpd6.service                                disabled
dhcrelay.service                              disabled
display-manager.service                       enabled 
dm-event.service                              static  
dmraid-activation.service                     enabled 
dnf-makecache.service                         static  
dnsmasq.service                               disabled
dracut-cmdline.service                        static  
dracut-initqueue.service                      static  
dracut-mount.service                          static  
dracut-pre-mount.service                      static  
dracut-pre-pivot.service                      static  
dracut-pre-trigger.service                    static  
dracut-pre-udev.service                       static  
dracut-shutdown.service                       static  
ebtables.service                              disabled
emergency.service                             static  
fcoe.service                                  disabled
firewalld.service                             enabled 
firstboot-graphical.service                   disabled
flatpak-system-helper.service                 static  
fprintd.service                               static  
fstrim.service                                static  
fwupd-offline-update.service                  static  
fwupd.service                                 static  
fwupdate-cleanup.service                      static  
gdm.service                                   enabled 
geoclue.service                               static  
getty@.service                                enabled 
grafana-server.service                        enabled 
gssproxy.service                              disabled
halt-local.service                            static  
htcacheclean.service                          static  
httpd.service                                 enabled 
hypervfcopyd.service                          static  
hypervkvpd.service                            static  
hypervvssd.service                            static  
initial-setup-graphical.service               disabled
initial-setup-reconfiguration.service         enabled 
initial-setup-text.service                    disabled
initial-setup.service                         disabled
initrd-cleanup.service                        static  
initrd-parse-etc.service                      static  
initrd-switch-root.service                    static  
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service             static  
instperf.service                              static  
ip6tables.service                             disabled
iprdump.service                               disabled
iprinit.service                               disabled
iprupdate.service                             disabled
ipsec.service                                 disabled
iptables.service                              masked  
irqbalance.service                            enabled 
iscsi-shutdown.service                        static  
iscsi.service                                 enabled 
iscsid.service                                disabled
iscsiuio.service                              disabled
kdump.service                                 disabled
kmod-static-nodes.service                     static  
kpatch.service                                disabled
ksm.service                                   enabled 
ksmtuned.service                              enabled 
libstoragemgmt.service                        enabled 
libvirt-guests.service                        disabled
libvirtd.service                              enabled 
lldpad.service                                disabled
lorax-composer.service                        disabled
lvm2-lvmetad.service                          static  
lvm2-lvmpolld.service                         static  
lvm2-monitor.service                          enabled 
lvm2-pvscan@.service                          static  
mcelog.service                                enabled 
mdadm-grow-continue@.service                  static  
mdadm-last-resort@.service                    static  
mdcheck_continue.service                      static  
mdcheck_start.service                         static  
mdmon@.service                                static  
mdmonitor-oneshot.service                     static  
mdmonitor.service                             enabled 
messagebus.service                            static  
microcode.service                             enabled 
ModemManager.service                          enabled 
multipathd.service                            enabled 
nagios.service                                enabled 
ndctl-monitor.service                         disabled
ndo2db.service                                enabled 
netcf-transaction.service                     disabled
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service             enabled 
NetworkManager-wait-online.service            enabled 
NetworkManager.service                        enabled 
nfs-blkmap.service                            disabled
nfs-config.service                            static  
nfs-idmap.service                             static  
nfs-idmapd.service                            static  
nfs-lock.service                              static  
nfs-mountd.service                            static  
nfs-rquotad.service                           disabled
nfs-secure.service                            static  
nfs-server.service                            disabled
nfs-utils.service                             static  
nfs.service                                   disabled
nfslock.service                               static  
nrpe.service                                  disabled
ntpd.service                                  enabled 
ntpdate.service                               disabled
numad.service                                 disabled
oddjobd.service                               disabled
packagekit-offline-update.service             static  
packagekit.service                            static  
plymouth-halt.service                         disabled
plymouth-kexec.service                        disabled
plymouth-poweroff.service                     disabled
plymouth-quit-wait.service                    disabled
plymouth-quit.service                         disabled
plymouth-read-write.service                   disabled
plymouth-reboot.service                       disabled
plymouth-start.service                        disabled
plymouth-switch-root.service                  static  
pmcd.service                                  disabled
pmie.service                                  disabled
pmie_check.service                            static  
pmie_daily.service                            disabled
pmlogger.service                              disabled
pmlogger_check.service                        disabled
pmlogger_daily-poll.service                   disabled
pmlogger_daily.service                        disabled
pmproxy.service                               disabled
polkit.service                                static  
postfix.service                               enabled 
postgresql.service                            enabled 
psacct.service                                disabled
py.service                                    enabled 
python.service                                enabled 
qemu-guest-agent.service                      enabled 
quotaon.service                               static  
radvd.service                                 disabled
ras-mc-ctl.service                            disabled
rasdaemon.service                             disabled
rc-local.service                              static  
rdisc.service                                 disabled
rdma-load-modules@.service                    static  
rdma-ndd.service                              static  
rdma.service                                  disabled
realmd.service                                static  
registries.service                            disabled
rescue.service                                static  
rhel-autorelabel-mark.service                 disabled
rhel-autorelabel.service                      enabled 
rhel-configure.service                        enabled 
rhel-dmesg.service                            enabled 
rhel-domainname.service                       enabled 
rhel-import-state.service                     enabled 
rhel-loadmodules.service                      enabled 
rhel-readonly.service                         enabled 
rhsm-facts.service                            disabled
rhsm.service                                  disabled
rhsmcertd.service                             enabled 
rngd.service                                  enabled 
rpc-gssd.service                              static  
rpc-rquotad.service                           disabled
rpc-statd-notify.service                      static  
rpc-statd.service                             static  
rpcbind.service                               enabled 
rpcgssd.service                               static  
rpcidmapd.service                             static  
rsyncd.service                                disabled
rsyncd@.service                               static  
rsyslog.service                               enabled 
rtkit-daemon.service                          enabled 
saned@.service                                indirect
saslauthd.service                             disabled
selinux-policy-migrate-local-changes@.service static  
serial-getty@.service                         disabled
shellinaboxd.service                          enabled 
smartd.service                                enabled 
speech-dispatcherd.service                    disabled
spice-vdagentd.service                        indirect
sshd-keygen.service                           static  
sshd.service                                  enabled 
sshd@.service                                 static  
svnserve.service                              disabled
sysstat.service                               enabled 
systemd-ask-password-console.service          static  
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service         static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.service             static  
systemd-backlight@.service                    static  
systemd-binfmt.service                        static  
systemd-bootchart.service                     disabled
systemd-firstboot.service                     static  
systemd-fsck-root.service                     static  
systemd-fsck@.service                         static  
systemd-halt.service                          static  
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service             static  
systemd-hibernate.service                     static  
systemd-hostnamed.service                     static  
systemd-hwdb-update.service                   static  
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service                  static  
systemd-importd.service                       static  
systemd-initctl.service                       static  
systemd-journal-catalog-update.service        static  
systemd-journal-flush.service                 static  
systemd-journald.service                      static  
systemd-kexec.service                         static  
systemd-localed.service                       static  
systemd-logind.service                        static  
systemd-machine-id-commit.service             static  
systemd-machined.service                      static  
systemd-modules-load.service                  static  
systemd-nspawn@.service                       disabled
systemd-poweroff.service                      static  
systemd-quotacheck.service                    static  
systemd-random-seed.service                   static  
systemd-readahead-collect.service             enabled 
systemd-readahead-done.service                indirect
systemd-readahead-drop.service                enabled 
systemd-readahead-replay.service              enabled 
systemd-reboot.service                        static  
systemd-remount-fs.service                    static  
systemd-rfkill@.service                       static  
systemd-shutdownd.service                     static  
systemd-suspend.service                       static  
systemd-sysctl.service                        static  
systemd-timedated.service                     static  
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service                static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service            static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service                static  
systemd-udev-settle.service                   static  
systemd-udev-trigger.service                  static  
systemd-udevd.service                         static  
systemd-update-done.service                   static  
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service          static  
systemd-update-utmp.service                   static  
systemd-user-sessions.service                 static  
systemd-vconsole-setup.service                static  
tcsd.service                                  disabled
teamd@.service                                static  
tuned.service                                 enabled 
udisks2.service                               enabled 
unbound-anchor.service                        static  
upower.service                                disabled
usb_modeswitch@.service                       static  
usbmuxd.service                               static  
vdo.service                                   enabled 
vgauthd.service                               enabled 
virtlockd.service                             indirect
virtlogd.service                              indirect
vmtoolsd-init.service                         disabled
vmtoolsd.service                              enabled 
wacom-inputattach@.service                    static  
wpa_supplicant.service                        disabled
xinetd.service                                enabled 
zram.service                                  static  
-.slice                                       static  
machine.slice                                 static  
system.slice                                  static  
user-1000.slice                               static  
user-1001.slice                               static  
user-1012.slice                               static  
user.slice                                    static  
avahi-daemon.socket                           enabled 
cockpit.socket                                enabled 
cups.socket                                   enabled 
dbus.socket                                   static  
dm-event.socket                               enabled 
iscsid.socket                                 enabled 
iscsiuio.socket                               enabled 
lldpad.socket                                 disabled
lorax-composer.socket                         disabled
lvm2-lvmetad.socket                           enabled 
lvm2-lvmpolld.socket                          enabled 
rpcbind.socket                                enabled 
rsyncd.socket                                 disabled
saned.socket                                  disabled
spice-vdagentd.socket                         enabled 
sshd.socket                                   disabled
syslog.socket                                 static  
systemd-initctl.socket                        static  
systemd-journald.socket                       static  
systemd-shutdownd.socket                      static  
systemd-udevd-control.socket                  static  
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                   static  
virtlockd-admin.socket                        disabled
virtlockd.socket                              enabled 
virtlogd-admin.socket                         disabled
virtlogd.socket                               enabled 
anaconda.target                               static  
basic.target                                  static  
bluetooth.target                              static  
cryptsetup-pre.target                         static  
cryptsetup.target                             static  
ctrl-alt-del.target                           disabled
default.target                                enabled 
emergency.target                              static  
final.target                                  static  
getty-pre.target                              static  
getty.target                                  static  
graphical.target                              enabled 
halt.target                                   disabled
hibernate.target                              static  
hybrid-sleep.target                           static  
initrd-fs.target                              static  
initrd-root-fs.target                         static  
initrd-switch-root.target                     static  
initrd.target                                 static  
iprutils.target                               disabled
kexec.target                                  disabled
local-fs-pre.target                           static  
local-fs.target                               static  
machines.target                               disabled
multi-user.target                             static  
network-online.target                         static  
network-pre.target                            static  
network.target                                static  
nfs-client.target                             enabled 
nss-lookup.target                             static  
nss-user-lookup.target                        static  
paths.target                                  static  
poweroff.target                               disabled
printer.target                                static  
rdma-hw.target                                static  
reboot.target                                 disabled
remote-cryptsetup.target                      disabled
remote-fs-pre.target                          static  
remote-fs.target                              enabled 
rescue.target                                 disabled
rpc_pipefs.target                             static  
rpcbind.target                                static  
runlevel0.target                              disabled
runlevel1.target                              disabled
runlevel2.target                              static  
runlevel3.target                              static  
runlevel4.target                              static  
runlevel5.target                              enabled 
runlevel6.target                              disabled
shutdown.target                               static  
sigpwr.target                                 static  
sleep.target                                  static  
slices.target                                 static  
smartcard.target                              static  
sockets.target                                static  
sound.target                                  static  
suspend.target                                static  
swap.target                                   static  
sysinit.target                                static  
system-update.target                          static  
time-sync.target                              static  
timers.target                                 static  
umount.target                                 static  
virt-guest-shutdown.target                    static  
chrony-dnssrv@.timer                          disabled
dnf-makecache.timer                           enabled 
fstrim.timer                                  disabled
mdadm-last-resort@.timer                      static  
mdcheck_continue.timer                        static  
mdcheck_start.timer                           disabled
mdmonitor-oneshot.timer                       disabled
pmie_check.timer                              disabled
pmie_daily.timer                              disabled
pmlogger_check.timer                          disabled
pmlogger_daily-poll.timer                     disabled
pmlogger_daily.timer                          disabled
systemd-readahead-done.timer                  indirect
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer                  static  
unbound-anchor.timer                          enabled 

443 unit files listed.
